Here are the last two messages Kaya has sent me:

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I am sorry. I lashed out at you because you kept coming at me. I've needed
space and it feels like you hover, metaphorically. I've asked you to respect my
partner, however my partner continues to feel disrespected by you. Your gifts
lately were inappropriate and made me feel uncomfortable. The way you talk
about Sky to me makes me look at you as though you have problems with
authenticity and I can't handle that in my life right now. Im tired of ulterior
motives and half truths from people. Im tired of giving more out to people.
Sorry, again. How I treated you at speakeasy was mean. Please forgive me for
that.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I have love for you as a friend.  I want you to experience the best that life
can bring. I'm proud of you for bravely walking your path. You go, girl! And
know that I mean that. Life is too fucking short to dwell on all that holds us
back. You have a lot of support in this town from ppl who see you and want you
to succeed.

The rift in our friendship is also on me for making a decision that was bad for
me in sleeping with you. I'm sorry to say, but that has changed things for
always. I didnt always value that act for the sacredness it holds and through
my experiences and the unfolding of my path, there's a lot of deep issues tied
to that. I apologize for making that decision because I regret it.  It wasn't
authentic and I think it opened the possibility in your perspective that there
is a chance for us to be more than friends. Im sorry for misleading you if I
have. 

During that time that I was acting out sexually in pain and desperation was an
eye-opening reminder to me that "meaningless" sex is always damaging on some
level. Thats my experience.

Evie, perhaps we can have a conversation  in a couple weeks but right now I
need serious space. Im going through a lot and it will work out, I just need
space.

I wish you well with everything. Stay true to yourself
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
